So the same.
For example if we go back later and we try to argue hard disk if we check a good hard disk in this machine
and have one hard disk with 24 gigabytes so we back to this machine again.
We try.
It is sitting.
Then of course you can upgrade the size of just one example let's give it about two to five like this
one click OK to see what we want.
That is it.
If we back to the salon with task complaints it will disconnected when it's reconnected.
This option is only for the web browser that we need to refresh the package to reconnect to the machine.
But by using our console like this one like a VM workstation we do not refresh it automatically detects
this one.
So how does it know we need to make our refresh like this one refresh.
Is this another 11 gigabytes is available in disk number but zero.
Of course.
No we can't extend the volume like that this one.
That is it not.
It is extended from 24 as you go by.
Thirty five bytes.
So it works perfectly without any problem.
Operating systems work without any problem.
Then we try to add another hard disk
like that which was new hard disk hard give it to configuration for example this one take two teachers
gigabytes which was start with the virtual machine.
We chose ten provision then if we want to make any a specification of this one OK
reasons us several commanded the following.
Datastore for the virtual machine a recommendation for virtual machine.
We didn't say that the star cluster are linked together and must either be accepted or rejected as a
group.
Click upload accommodation if these recommendations are acceptable.
So hey give me a recommendation to use the land want to start the new disk.
So let's apply the recommendation.
It's not a problem in this situation.
So the stock reacted quickly.
If we back right here and try to refresh you see before we do it is automatically detected.
So no we have this one ready to be used of course in any steelies disk to use it.
OK.
Then you can create a new hard disk in this machine without any problem.
Last week the option as it is next.
Finish.
And then your hard disk will be formatted and new disk driver you can't see it's on display.
We have only one local disk.
I've started to form my thoughts complete you will see it's use in the form of the US but also it will
show up after a moment.
So this is the idea of a different option that we have to add any hardware that we won't understand
for.
To use B.K. for the CD DVD drive or or any option that we have right.
We can't change anything.
And we'll see that it will take effect in about it on your machine.
So is it in your disk.
It's perfectly in this machine and here is it.
And we check this one has it.
No one is perfect.
So see in the next video we need another feature of the Mystery Machine.